Say hello to Lord Tiger
Limited night time
Unlimited services
Good evening, boss
OK OK
good
You go out
Have fun Mr. Tiger
Come
Go! Go! Go
How long have you been here?
Tiger Lord
My five hundred thousand
You're not ready to pay it back, are you?
Tiger Lord
My mother was sick and hospitalized
Medical expenses borrowed from you
Isn’t it Shifang?
this
How did it become half a million?
Mr. Tiger’s money
Dare to borrow but dare not recognize it?
Why
my money
How much have you borrowed?
Is it reasonable to pay back how much?
Um
It's illegal for you to do this
Hahaha
Illegal
I am the Dharma
No money, right?
Hahaha
OK
Then
debt repayment
One thousand yuan at a time
Hahaha
ah
let me go
stop
You dare to hit me
Fuck him for me
Wait a moment
Isn't it just to lend you 500,000?
I pay it back for her
one million
You give me a hammer
You little cutie
I tell you
I'll beat you to death today
Fuck him to death
Don't don't
don't want
Tiger Lord
My friend he is
More impulsive
Doesn't mean anything else
no other meaning
Right?
Almost beat me to death
Fuck him to death
Tiger Lord
I beg you
Let my friend go
what do you want me to do
You don't ask him
I can pay it back for you
Lin Yang
You even bought a diamond ring
It takes three years to move bricks
Only then can I afford it
Help me pay back what you're holding
Mr. Tiger’s money
Stop talking nonsense
Sue you
Beat me to death, man
Women, we are brothers
Come one by one
The bank has arrived
one million yuan